#journal [[October '23]]
woke up about 8.30, got up straight away and opened my window to see what the weather was like outside - it was proper winter sun this morning with a fog sitting low in the valley. Then once I’d seen how nice it was i knew it would be a waste if i didn’t atleast go for a ride so to make sure i didn’t procrastinate i got my pads and riding trousers on so that i could continue to stack the habits in the order of - pads go on, so socks go on after then find a pair of riding trousers then get a t-shirt on then get a jumper or coat on depending on the weather then put helmet on then put goggles around my kneck below my helmet then carry my shoes downstairs then check bike bolts then get shoes on then go out of the door. This system works great as just putting my pads on acts as enough of a trigger to kick start the whole habit which eventually results in me going on a ride. This morning i went up heptonstall road then down barely legal and back up to mums house. Once i got back i stuck all my dirty gear in the wash and hopped in the shower. After the shower i decided that i wanted to go up to dad’s so i pretty much made up a reason to go up - i ‘needed’ my calipers and screw driver set even though i haven’t used them once today - but even thought i didn’t want to go up i saw that the weather had got even nicer now that the sun had burned the fog off so i went up in just a t-shirt and my parachute pants so it was a bit on the chilly side but i know it’s good for me so I’m quite happy i went in just a t-shirt. After i had got up to dads i sat around for about 10 minutes then just as i had got all my stuff together lola asked me if i wanted to play roblox with her. So once i had got back down to mum’s we called for almost 3 hours just chilling playing roblox. Then once she had gone I just started coding after making some lunch and i think I’ve figured a bit of a system for getting the work done, the more i tell myself that i need to do the work the more important it gets played up to be because it seems more urgent so then i keep telling myself i need to do it which makes it seem more and more important in my mind which makes it seem more and more of a task which means that I just put off doing it for longer and longer until it reaches the end of the day and I haven’t done any work. So to combat this I just don’t think ‘oh this work is super important and needs doing right away’ but ‘oh this works need doing lets do it’ and effectively work off of impulsivity to get work done because then i don’t over think the task at hand so even though it is as important as always my brain doesn’t think that because I haven’t been telling myself all day to do it therefore I don’t push it away as much therefore I actually end up doing more work by not thinking about doing more work. It’s kind of backwards however it is an effective system because this is how i woke up at 4am all last year, never once did i wake up and think ‘oh I’ve got a bunch of work to do I need to do it now’ because once I think that then due to naturally wanting to procrastinate work it instantly starts to get played up ending up in the endless cycle of procrastination again. So when i woke up early i would just get out of bed without thinking then mindlessly start revising then once i had started revising thats when i could let myself think because i had already placed myself within the habit setting so was already locked in as by that point all my lights were on, all my books were out, i was dressed and my laptop was turned on so I would be too awake to go back to sleep and this kind of impulsivity is what kept me awake so i need to get working on that again. At the moment I’m taking baby steps with it for example as mentioned above just going on a bike ride in the morning, even when I’m not motivated the mindless act of just putting pads on acts as a trigger to get the whole system running resulting in me being back out on my bike every morning doing a lap.