#journal [[November '23]] 
Today was pretty good, I woke up at 5am and although i lay in bed for 5 minutes i still got up rather than going back to sleep until 6. Then once i had woken up i carried on with my computer science coursework as i still have a fair amount to do under the design section however now i also have more to talk about as i have started getting all the data base systems in place which will then open up the possibility to create ERDs and DFDs. Then when it got closer to 6 once i had got to a nice finishing point for the coursework section i was working on i practiced my touch typing for about 20 minutes before going and washing my hair. When i got on the bus to college it was fairly busy - there was a few spare double seats left - so i sat down right in front of sam and made sure to keep my bag on my seat to save it for lola. By the time we got to the bus station i was slightly worried that someone was going to sit next to me before i got on then Lola and ione got on and i saw ione's hair for the first time since she's dyed it and christ almighty its an interesting look, its 'copper' - ginger - with pink underneath - you can tell the mixture of josh and burnley is starting to take effect on her. Then for pretty much the whole bus ride in me and lola held hands and then also on the walk into college we held hands which always feels a little bit awkward especially when we are walking with jack and ione because it'll just make jack feel like the third wheel.  Once we were in college we went and sat with sam and harry then after everyone left for their lessons i started my 2 hour block of revision that always comes on a tuesday morning before maths - during which i carried on completing my UCAS application  and then also revised maths. For lunch i met up with the usual tuesday lot but we just went to the upstairs cafe instead of going out - which was definitely better for me because it stopped me from eating fast food. After economics russel let us out just in time for me and jacob to make the early bus which still ended up being about 15 minutes late to mytholmroyd so by the time i got to beavers it was almost half past. Then once i got home i setup my laptop and everything and realised that i had forgotten my monitor power cable so I'm just using my laptop for now because I'm walking up to dad's tomorrow anyway so I'm not that annoyed. Then after dinner i did and hour and a half of economics revision in the form of typing up my notes into obsidian and creating the appropriate links and everything between each different section of my work. I also decided to create the notes in an 'atomic note' form which is somewhat like how atomic habits works, the aim is to make the notes as simple as possible to get the needed information from so you make them as short and concise as possible and only make them about one very specific thing to make sure that when you read through them there is no wondering what one section of the notes is on about because if you do have to try and remember what one part of the note is on about then naturally you won't use the notes as they are not as informative as they could be. Its the same concept as making a habit as easy to do as possible. 