#journal [[November '23]]

Woke up at 5am and revised computer science, then i got the bus into college, it was fairly mundane, only jacob and millie were on it so i walked into college by myself, i sat in the cafeteria before lesson by myself. But I like that, it lets me sit with my thoughts, run through situations in my head, plan my day, figure out internal issues without interruption. I think its a valuable skill to be able to comfortably be by yourself. Its not necessarily good to always want to be by yourself because thats how you end up as a social outcast which only creates a negative multiplier effect, but the ability to be able to be comfortable by yourself somewhat regularly is a key skill. Then i had a computer science formal and im hoping that my solution to the ascii character value worked because the code is going to be the only thing propping up my grade. After that i went to the silent ALZ and did 4 hours of revision then decided against going climbing because my wrist is dodgy and i had to go and get my stuff from mums because we were staying at dads because she had to go to A and E because the infection she had has now spread to her kidneys so it hurt for her to walk. Then i got to dads setup my stuff and have just been watching youtube all evening. 

Although today in total I've done pushing 6 hours of revision i still feel like today has been a bad day even though ive got lots done and have had next to no bad habits recurring. But it just doesn't feel right, I don't feel satisfied with today, I've done so much but it feels like so little and I'm not 100% sure why. I was thinking about it on the bus but now i can't remember what idea i had come up with - should've noted it - but I'll probably think of it again as I'm going to sleep as usual. Try and figure out the way to have the best feeling day whilst getting a significant amount of work done. Maybe its because I've convinced myself that there is something up between me and lola when there just isn't, whether its because I'm comparing us to other couples I know or whether it's because of such a little thing - not holding hands on the bus on tuesday but that can be attributed to her reading her book for most of the journey. Yet again its over thinking the little things that is messing with me which therefore makes me act stupidly as I subconsciously try and dig out a result that isn't true. I try to get her to say something that i know she won't say because i know it ins't true. Yet I'm still digging, the best points in our friendship and relationship have come about when i stop overthinking, when i reach a flow state, just go with whatever happens. I need to set my mind back into that state again. Then hopefully i won't have the subconscious idea that me and lola aren't going to work out underlying my day because it will allow me to just focus on the good in the day. As i start thinking about one bad thing even though i've manifested it in my mind it then makes all the other bad things that occurred during the day glaringly more obvious even though in comparison to how i spent the rest of my day, watching youtube for a bit in the evening rather than doing work is fine when i voluntarily woke up at 5 to do extra revision and then chose to stay in college for an extra 4 hours to do revision as its about balance. Its like with food, sugar and fruit are both good in balance, but too much sugar and you become overweight then if you eat too much fruit you can also become diabetic