#journal [[November '23]] 
Today I woke up at 6.45 because my alarm was too quite so i slept through it which meant that as i had told myself yesterday if i don't work in the morning then i've got to do it after college instead which i did. I'm a bit annoyed that i didn't journal for the last 3 days because theyve all been pretty good.
Saturday - went down to london to see royal holloway but we went to clear out grandad's apartment first and because dad doesn't want me to see what its like he just said i could go around london by myself for a couple of hours so i went to a couple of shops and got caught up in some remembrance day things in the center of london. Then i was going to get the tube back to meet dad and i found out that the one line i needed was closed that day for maintenance so i had a 50 minute walk back to meet dad which was a bit annoying. Then that evening me and lola watched interstellar in the cinema because it was back in for a limited amount of time. Then I went and stayed at hers which was - as usual - great although we did get pretty hot and i didn't sleep very well. Pretty much as soon as we decided to get off our phones and go to sleep she wrapped a leg around me and was fully cuddling which is basically how the rest of the night went.

Sunday - was very tired, had remembrance day parades with scouts and it was chucking it down then during the church service as the vicar was speaking i began to nod off as over the last 2 days i had only slept 8 hours which was still fairly broken sleep. Then the same happened at work and it felt like the longest 4 hours of my life, and my hoodie still hasn't arrived