#journal [[November '23]]
woke up at 5 to go to london.
Fairly bland day, went into a bunch of shops whilst dad was at grandad B's old apartment.
felt like the shit because people kept looking at my hoodie then in the palace shop someone checked out my outfit, its probably nothing but it felt good.
Whilst at UCL someone complemented my hoodie, said it looked good and gave me a fist bump as i walked past
We were going to go climbing afterwards in leeds with suze but none of us were really in a state to go climbing, my wrist really hurts at the moment and i don't know why. I know it'll be something to do with how i sprained it a year or two ago because it always has a slight underlying level of pain however its gotten really bad all of a sudden so I'm starting to get worried that i won't be able to climb for a bit longer which is really annoying as just as my ankle has healed enough for me to climb my wrist goes.
It still feels like there is something going wrong between me and lola, i don't know if its something i did or if its just cause she's got a lot on her mind at the moment. I thought about messaging her about it but its going to be better to wait till i can talk to her in person about it - it always is - and I'm hoping it's just because she's got a lot on her mind at the moment rather than me. But it really feels like it was me that did something because it felt like it went pear shaped after i stayed at hers last saturday. As per usual I'm probably over thinking it, I just don't want to end up in the same situation as we did over the summer holidays because if it happens i don't think we will end up dating again after talking about it. I'll just have to see how it plays out.

**Anything mentionable is manageable


