#journal [[December '23]]
I don't know why I haven't really been journaling lately. I feel like its because I only journal when I'm not in control of my own life, by journaling it gives me the ability to view what has happened that day almost as an outsider. It's almost like me accepting the idea that I can't control the outcome of my life. The same way a movie review cannot control the quality of a movie that has been released, they just have to accept it for what it is and look on with whatever view point they have. 
Well that's not what I'm trying to say, but i don't know how to put what I'm trying to say into words, its so frustrating, I can't get my ideas across accurately because I'm struggling to find the words to convey my point. 
For the idea that I only journal when I feel as though I'm not in control of my own life I think that it's because the journaling at the end of the day provides me with some power over the day, it provides me with the control to critique my day as though I did feel as though I had control over it. The way in which it allows me to criticise myself provides a sense of reality, it brings the issues to light and the pain that creates gives me the sense of control over the issues as I can actually feel the issue rather than just observing it. It's the same idea as holding your hand under a steaming hot tap and just letting the tap run till you physically can't keep it under any longer. The fact that you choose to endure that pain and the fact that you have the discipline to be able to inflict pain on yourself without thinking twice provides that sense of 'I have control over my body' after a day of feeling like your sat on the front a rocket heading straight towards the sun.
It almost links back to the idea of pain being the foundation of everything. Self discipline is basically how much pain are you willing to put yourself through. Not by doing thing like self harming but going out on a run in the freezing rain isn't going to be comfortable, you will be freezing, you will be aching, its just how much pain you can inflict on yourself and still stand up ready to go again.

We seek love not for the pursuit of happiness, but to run from pain