#journal [[September '24]]
It begins again.

May as well start again, it doesn't really feel right but anything is worth a try to quiet my head. I spend my nights lying in bed wishing I was somewhere else, wishing i was someone else, doing something else - just doing something that isn't sitting around all day.

I spend my days waiting, when im having a recovery day I'm waiting for the night to come so i can sleep and go climbing again then I'm waiting for the day i go and meet friends - not that there are many - so i just spend my time sat around waiting. I can't stand it but there's only so many leetcode questions i can do, only so many coding projects i can create, so i waste my time on games like farming simulator and doing things like jacking off, its fucking horrific. I'm just waiting for uni to start, then hopefully i can have a fresh start and be more social, go more places, do more things i want to rather than just sitting in my room all day talking to no-one other than my family who come into my room on occasion.

Its comparable to a train journey, i know where i was when i started and i know where I'm finishing - but all the stuff in the middle I'm just sat through on autopilot hoping it ends soon

I've been thinking more about why I like drinking, and I've come to the conclusion that I don't like drinking for drinking - if that makes sense - I like drinking to get buzzed and i like getting buzzed because it takes the edge off. It means I'm still conscious, I'm still in control what I say, but its enough to calm my mind down, to stop overthinking everything, to just relax and be in the moment. But this is a really bad relationship to have, because it means i begin to almost idolise alcohol as the only way to be calm, to have fun and be in the moment, which just results in me re-affirming this idea over and over then it becomes a self-writing prophecy. Then before I know it I'm the guy who can only have fun when he's drunk.

It feels weird i started using notion and apps like this at the start of 2023, that was almost 2 years ago. Also i keep thinking about time scales with me and lola - well just everything actually. But me and lola have only known each other since the start of 2021 even then we hardly talked. We only started regularly talking towards the end of 2021/ start 2022. That's only 3 years ago. In 3 years we have gone from not knowing each other at all - start of '21 - to being good friends - end of '21 / start of '22 - to being together constantly during first year of college - end of '22 - then sam asking if we are dating or not and us kinda but not really dating - start of '23 - then having a really awkward start of the school year as we didn't really know what was going on with our relationship - end of '23 - to then deciding to properly date - end of '23 to early '24 - then hardly talking whatsoever through exam season and me thinking I'm never going to properly talking to her again - mid  '24 - to now me going off to uni and us meeting up somewhat regularly - now. It's like we've done one big loop, sorta feels like we are back at the end of year 11, just talking more often and meeting up more often - so really it's more than the end of year 11 but less than the start of college. It's so weird it just feels like we've been friends for so long, so much has gone on but so little has changed in the long run - it feels like i've known lola as long as ive known olly but ive known olly probably 3x longer than I've known lola. My head is so messed, I just want uni start which will provide me enough of a distraction to stop overthinking about this kind of stuff. 

I've thought about it and that's why in exam season I thought i was completely over liking lola, but in reality I was just so busy and stressed with exams that i didn't even have the space in my head to think about lola, and now I've got nothing to distract me this kinda stuff happens and i just go mental lying in bed at night. I feel that it isn't lola I'm missing, but more just human connection, and the only person I've every really experienced that from is lola therefore i just link the feelings of connection and embracement with lola rather than being able to separate the two, resulting in me not knowing whether it is in fact lola that I miss or whether its the connection to someone I miss. 

Hopefully the feeling will go away when i get to uni. Let's just hope

**"I can't see a way" said the boy
"Can you see your next step?"
"Yes"
"Then just take that" said the horse** - the boy, the mole, the fox and the horse