#journal [[January '24]]

I'm not quite sure what to write, the last time i did this was on the 24th December - the day before christmas - and i felt like shit, I can't relax happily, I can relax but when I'm sat there not doing anything I don't feel good about it so its not relaxing its forcefully dodging work in an attempt to give myself a break. In reality it only creates more stress as when I'm working I know that i doing something good which almost allows me to relax more whereas when I'm just sitting around watching youtube i don't feel good, it doesn't feel relaxing. The only time i genuinley can relax by just sitting and watching a movie or a tv series is when I'm with lola. Even then it's only because i know I'm somewhat strengthening the relationship between us. So even that has the underlying point of doing to develop myself in some way.

My shoulder is starting to feel better though, using the electric muscle therapy thing and ice along with a healthy amount of hot baths and showers it is slowly getting better, I hung from just my arms with shoulders fully dropped for the first time in 4 weeks today, which is some progress however I'm still worried it may be another 2 or 3 weeks before i can climb again, even then i probably won't be climbing at a high level, although I am hoping that i will be able to climb by this time next week then i can start sitting into my old rhythm again and it will time perfectly with the hard 75 challenge that me and lola are doing.

I'm also getting better at pushing myself to revise, I've done about 3 and a half hours today so although not my best it is still good. Tomorrow I'm going to stay in college for a few hours and then get the 5pm bus after doing some revision as I know that i will revise better in college than at home. Also tomorrow marks the beginning of walking dot in the morning before college which sorts out my outdoor workout at dads. Now i just need to figure out something to do at mum's but i should be able to ride either my bike or dads bike by next monday so i can go on a ride before college which will be my outdoor workout of the day. On weekends I will be able to go on a walk with dad or just go out on a ride. So with that i should be able ot this 75 day challenge fairly easily.

There's one quote that's properly started to hit in the last couple of weeks:
**Nothing changes if nothing changes**
